1. Совет из комментариев: 
	`This is just a suggestion, but you could try using the rasterized depth to accelerate the tracing process. Basically rasterize up to each of the visible faces of each voxel "chunk" and store the depth result and store the resulting textures. When tracing, use a conservative line raster algorithm to iterate though every voxel in the chunk and utilize the textures as a lut, sampling one pixel from each. Take the minimum of each sample and check if you are "inside" a voxel. If you are, abort the trace and return the voxel coordinate for shading. Of course if you do use this technique there are some limitations. You cannot render any overhangs in any directions (which, luckily are rather rare either way). A solution to this would be to either split the "chunk" to get rid of the overhang or use a different rendering technique in another renderpass. Another limitation is that you cannot render any transparent voxels, similarly to how deferred pipelines fail in these cases. A possible solution would be to use depth peeling or something along the lines of deferred+. The biggest performance boost with this technique originates from another source though, MIP-mapping. You can use MIP levels to perform course depth checks before iterating deeper, analogue to an quadtree. This allows you to skip entire chunks in just 3-5 samples if your ray will not hit any voxels. If you have any inquiry about this technique or any other voxel rendering techniques, feel free to message me on Discord (RedNicStone[#8720](https://www.youtube.com/hashtag/8720)). Btw, im the same guy that was hanging out on the projects github.`
